[CLOUDCRAFT-716] Update Cloudcraft's "Cancel your Cloudcraft Subscription" article (#23596)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudcraft/account-management/cancel-subscription.md

kind: documentation
---

> Canceling your Cloudcraft subscription is super easy and can be done in a few clicks from inside the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canceling your Cloudcraft subscription can be done from inside the Cloudcraft application.
```

Reviewer: Can you add the exact instructions on how to cancel the subscription? :)

Author: They should be a little farther down, I believe.

Only the account owner can cancel a Cloudcraft subscription, which takes effect at the end of your current billing cycle. When you cancel your subscription, your account is downgraded to the free plan.

> Upon cancellation, you will still have access to the diagrams you created, but will lose access to a few features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon cancellation, you can still access to the diagrams you created, but will lose access to a few features:
```

> You won't lose access to the diagrams you created, but you'll lose access to a few features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon cancellation, you will still have access to the diagrams you created, but will lose access to a few features:
```

> - _Infinite grid_ blueprints will switch to read-only mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Infinite grid_ blueprints switch to read-only mode.
```

> - The _Live_ feature will no longer be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The _Live_ feature is no longer be available.
```

> - AWS and Azure resources will no longer update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS and Azure resources no longer get updated.
```

> - [The Bits menu][1] will stop working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Bits menu][1] no longer works.
```

<div class="alert alert-info">If you're canceling within the 30-day money-back guarantee period, and prefer a refund, <a href="https://app.cloudcraft.co/support" rel="help" title="Cloudcraft support">reach out to Cloudcraft's support team</a> instead.
</div>

1. Navigate to **User** > **Subscription Settings**.
2. Select **Cancel subscription**.
3. Optionally, provide feedback on what Cloudcraft can do to be a better fit for you in the future.
4. Select **Cancel my account**.

> If you do not see the **Cancel subscription** option, you may have bought your subscription through our sales team or through the AWS Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not see the **Cancel subscription** option, you may have bought your subscription through the Datadog sales team or through the AWS Marketplace.
```

> - If you bought your subscription through our sales team, it does not auto-renew and expires at the end of your billing cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you bought your subscription through the Datadog sales team, it does not auto-renew and expires at the end of your billing cycle.
```

> - If you bought your subscription through our sales team, it won't auto renew and will expire at the end of your billing cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you bought your subscription through our sales team, it does not auto-renew and expires at the end of your billing cycle.
```

> - If you bought your subscription through the AWS Marketplace, the cancellation process must be done by you through your AWS account. For more information, see [Cancel your product subscription][2] in the AWS Marketplace documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you bought your subscription through the AWS Marketplace, the cancellation process must be done through your AWS account. For more information, see [Cancel your product subscription][2] in the AWS Marketplace documentation page.
```
